# Failure-Prediction-of-VGG-13-VGG-16-VGG-19-by-Learning-Model-Confidence
•	Used the true class probability (TCP) of the models to analyze the correlation of misdetection with the confidence score of the model; Implemented Confidnet (based on TCP), Baseline (based on maximum class probability), Trust Score, and Monte-Carlo Dropout (MC Dropout) these 4 methods; Trained the baseline model (VGG13/VGG16/VGG19) along with mc dropout and trust score methods and also trained the confidnet version of CNN; Used CIFAR10 dataset and augmented the input data by random horizontal flipping and rotating the images by 15 degrees anticlockwise. Observed that the confidnet method outperforms the rest of the methods. This confirms that TCP is an adequate confidence criterion for failure prediction and ConfidNet is able to learn it. By using confidnet method the improvements of the AUPR error scores of the VGG13, VGG16, and VGG19 over their baseline counterparts are 2.27%, 2.99%, and 2.99% respectively. VGG19 had the highest AUPR error at 50.65% whereas VGG16 had the lowest score at 48.06% for the confident method among the three. The AUPR success and AUC scores were approximately 99 % and 91% respectively for all the methods. The VGG13, VGG16, and VGG19 had 2.25%, 2.55%, and 2.14% improved FPR @95% TPR with confident method compared with the baseline. Tools: Python, PyTorch, NumPy, Scikit-learn, Pandas, Matplotlib, SciPy, PIL, Google Colab 

 This project is an implementation of this paper: http://papers.nips.cc/paper/8556-addressing-failure-prediction-by-learning-model-confidence.pdf for VGG13, VGG16 and VGG19 models.
 
 Weights for baseline and ConfidNet of VGG-13-VGG-16-VGG-19 on CIFAR10 datasets : https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ghY76g_7L3f6wrvPdOt7wptGnDoLOoJb?usp=share_link
